[1] Jaiswal, S., Gaud, S., Ansari, S., & Gaikwad, R. (2021). Alumni Tracking System. International Research Journal of Engineering and Technology (IRJET), 8(4), 1185-1188. doi: 10.31764/IRJET.8.4.1185
 - The Alumni Tracking System is an online-based application that aims to enhance the current tracking process of college graduates. It is a web portal that provides a centralized platform for the management of alumni data and facilitates communication between alumni and the institution. The system allows alumni to update their information easily and provides a flexible and automated approach to managing alumni data. The proposed system offers great advantages to the alumni, such as eliminating the need for a group of alumni to manage the alumni forum and reducing maintenance effort. The system provides an all-in-one solution for collecting and managing alumni data, enabling effective communication between alumni and the institution, and offers great flexibility in keeping track of the data. In summary, the Alumni Tracking System is an innovative and useful application that can significantly improve the management of alumni data and benefit both the alumni and the institution.
 // https://d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net/69107729/IRJET_V8I4463-libre.pdf?1630924584=&response-content-disposition=inline%3B+filename%3DIRJET_ALUMNI_TRACKING_SYSTEM.pdf&Expires=1680158206&Signature=FJkUbTz~T-DOxENo8RiYPXpwACi18dIwoJOl3Z~Qi9UgMHWlLg3~Z3PLWrfsiM1h0Gtx6wGkreZXuSPhFFAjS4nnzGJM~xnPLp3DsJaLxwHYpxgozIyKdYB28Sp4f~XeF-5b8nNi5Jlpy0ZZU9NtDWXq6nLa0eTJF5W56m7YkbAAn4IP78CIak6f2YO-8swiBtgcXuvRxXuDH0XPSEtwm3pFLSOmQ~dDY1Dp9rk9iDh1nQmiwha6s4CFBH6mNbFHWF16xeC3B5gniVqQTI6lbKc3PtXDoDrA1yk2~FNVZi31vPQLUxVBoTmkw8X3AgGha7pko5vGlj0WkSrrVGaovg__&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLOHF5GGSLRBV4ZA


[2] Bista, B., Shakya, A., Joshi, B., Pokhrel, A., Dangol, L., Kedia, M., & Baral, D. S. (2021). An Alumni Portal and Tracking System. Journal of the Institute of Engineering, 16(1), 7–14. https://doi.org/10.3126/jie.v16i1.36529
 - The system aims to integrate the existing unmanaged and outdated alumni data into a well-managed database and act as a portal where alumni can update their information and view online yearbooks. The paper provides insights from the collected alumni responses, including the job positions and employers of alumni, their current location, and the favored choice for further education. The system has been effective in collecting and managing alumni data and has been accessed by many alumni. Overall, the paper highlights the importance of an efficient alumni tracking system and how a web-based platform can make it easier for institutions to manage alumni data.
 // https://www.nepjol.info/index.php/JIE/article/view/36529


[3] Suryana, D., Yulianto, A. F., & Hadiyanto, H. (2020). Development of a Web-Based Alumni Tracking Information System at SMKN 1 Garut. Journal of Physics: Conference Series, 1528(5), 052052. doi: 10.1088/1742-6596/1528/5/052052
 - The study aimed to develop a web-based alumni tracking information system at SMKN 1 Garut, test it based on functional aspects, and evaluate user responses. The system was developed using a waterfall model and was tested using blackbox testing and expert validation. The feature completeness matrix was used to calculate the results, and user responses were collected using a Likert scale questionnaire from ten alumni of SMKN 1 Garut. The study found that the web-based alumni tracking information system at SMKN 1 Garut is feasible in terms of functional aspects and received a "very positive" response from users. The study highlights the importance of an efficient alumni tracking system and how a web-based platform can make it easier for institutions to manage alumni data.
 // https://journal.institutpendidikan.ac.id/index.php/ristec/article/view/1214

[4] Luciano, R.G., Alcantara, G.M., & Bauat, R. (2020). Design and Development of Alumni Tracking System for Public and Private HEIs. International Journal of Scientific & Technology Research, 9, 12-19.
 - Employability of graduates is one of the indicators being assessed by Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) to find out
whether the quality of education they provide is suitable to the needs of the industry. This study was conducted to develop an alumni tracing system designed to allow the University to purposely trace its alumni using the internet. The system can be used as tool in finding out important information about them like their employment status and in identifying which skills are essentials in their present
work. This information in return can help the HEI determines the improvement that they need to do with the existing curriculum. It can also generate comprehensive reports which are necessary for planning, program implementation and any decision-making purposes. 
 // https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Design-and-Development-of-Alumni-Tracking-System-Luciano-Alcantara/77c8545d705af19b7b4b7b74e43e54a8e64f5296#citing-papers

[5] A. Mukherjee, A. Roy, M. K. Lath, A. Ghosal and D. Sengupta, "Centralized Alumni Management System (CAMS) - A Prototype Proposal," 2019 Amity International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AICAI), Dubai, United Arab Emirates, 2019, pp. 967-971, doi: 10.1109/AICAI.2019.8701383.
- This paper proposes a centralized system for alumni management which is institution independent and concentrates on alumni network pan organizations. The fundamental incentive of the system lies in the mentorship process in the institution as well as organization verticals. The system recognizes as an alumni not only graduates but also those individuals who are presently in the institution/organization, thereby facilitating network among the professionals and the students of the institutions from where the professional had graduated. Apart from the alumni, the institutes/organizations also enjoy a comprehensive list of benefits. The minimum age for registration for alumni has been mandated to be 15 years. Hence, the system takes into account those institutions also from where a certain individual has passed the 10th examinations. Hence, the system defines the list of almamater those institution which serve degrees for 10th, 12th, graduation, post-graduation, doctoral and working organizations. Literature comparison has been done with an existing proposal and our system exhibits better features.
// https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=8701383&isnumber=8701225

[6] Eileen Mona, Hari Ranjani M, Sowmya V, Mrs. S. Sivakumari, "Alumni Social Networking Site", International Journal of Scientific Research in Computer Science, Engineering and Information Technology, pp.467, 2021.
- A social networking site is an online platform that allows users to create a public profile and interact with other users. In this constantly updating world, there’s a need of a network that helps the institution to keep track of their alumnae and vice versa. And also, there might be a need of a friendly guidance to the students regarding their career. The main objective of this project is to build an alumni website and social networking site that establishes a link between the present students and the alumnae of the institute. This helps the institution keep a record of their old students. Also, it does not have much staff involvement and thus, will cleanly act as a bridge between the alumnae and the present students. This website provides a user-friendly interface that facilitates the user to understand the working of the site easily. The user will be able to register or sign up and log in to their timelines and interact with other users. The user can share ideas, digital photos and videos, posts, personally chat, and inform others about online or real-world activities and events.
// https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=3913199


[7] Tarun Kumar, Yeeshu Prateek, Prajwal Atharga, Dr. Rajashekarappa, Prof. V. K. Parvati, 2019, Alumni Database Management System, INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENGINEERING RESEARCH & TECHNOLOGY (IJERT) NCRACES – 2019 (Volume 7, Issue 10),
- The main aim of the project is to build an interaction between alumni, admin and the students; a system that will be able to manage alumni data of a college and provide easy access to the same. The alumni will also be interested to maintain relations with their institutions. Alumni can communicate to the students regarding job opportunities and the students can share the department technology activities to the alumni. The alumni and the student can communicate only through the admin permission. A system that will be able to manage alumni data of a college and provide easy access to the system. Final year students will be initially given a student login ID. Access to the system can help them in building connections to their projects or for placements. The system will automatically list all Alumni information (name, passing year, company currently working in, ) and their status will be transferred from the student module to the alumni module.
// https://www.ijert.org/alumni-database-management-system

[8] Patil, C., Patil, N., Kapse, K., Joshi, N., & Chavan, S. (2017). Alumni Interactive System Using Mining. International Journal of Engineering Science and Computing, 7(11).
- Alumni are one of the most important assets to any university. They are the people who represent the university in the real world.University alumni systems exist to promote active and ongoing relationships between graduates and their alma mater. Alumni are a platform that serves old Students, faculty members and other employees of the college to be in touch with each other when they leave the college after their graduation. It paves way for the students to interact with other people to help in terms of careers, business and much more. However, it is a big challenge how to enhance mentoring between alumni and current students. This proposes features of data mining into alumni systems to boost mentoring between alumni and students. Basic data mining algorithms are used to make it interactive and user friendly.
// https://www.ijesc.org/upload/0bdaccf273975e2059def457b023e2e4.Alumni%20Interactive%20System%20Using%20Mining.pdf

[9] Dai, D., & Lan, Y. (2017, April). The Alumni Information Management Model Based on "Internet +". In Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Education, Management, Information and Mechanical Engineering (EMIM 2017) (pp. 38-42). Atlantis Press. doi: 10.2991/emim-17.2017.8
- "Internet+" has been integrated deeply into various industries, which also inspires the innovation of the alumni management work. There are many problems existing in alumni management work, such as the fragmentation of alumni information and time, the delay of information transmission and the simplification of management system function. In view of these deficiencies, this paper analyses and designs an intelligent integrated alumni information management system framework based on the combination of online and offline. This framework includes three modules: "Alumni Social Network", "Intelligent Data Acquisition and Storage" and "Data Mining and Decision-Making Support". The system aims at building social platform to firm alumni network by using intelligent technology to collect and store massive alumni data and datamining technology to improve the decision-making of talent training scheme.
// https://www.atlantis-press.com/proceedings/emim-17/25879221

[10] Sadi, Lucitasari, D. R., & Khannan, M. S. A. (2019). Designing Mobile Alumni Tracer Study System Using Waterfall Method: an Android Based. International Journal of Computer Networks and Communications Security, 7(9), 196-202.
- The industrial revolution 4.0 has become a paradigm that is being widely discussed both in the industrial sector as well as in the field of education and currently the development of technology has become increasingly rapid with almost everyone currently having a handphone with an android operating system. This opportunity needs to be utilized for institutional development in the Industrial Engineering Department UPN Veteran Yogyakarta (IE UPNVY) especially for alumni searches. The data of alumni currently owned has not been systematically compiled and the alumni data entering the department is still very minimal. This study will develop an android application for tracking alumni of the IE UPNVY Study Program. The research methodology used is qualitative descriptive with a prototyping system development method and data collection techniques through interviews and observation. The tools used in designing Android applications to search IEUPNVY alumni are using Java JDK, Android SDK, Eclipse IDE, Android ADT. The expected results of this study are in the form of an android application for alumni search and analysis of alumni data obtained. Analysis in the form of a description of the graduates' profile and the relevance of the Industrial Engineering Study Program curriculum through a survey approach. The variable profile of graduates includes: 1) the waiting period for graduates, 2) the percentage of graduates who have worked, and 3) the first income earned.

[11] UMOSO, C. M. (2021). ATS ANALYSIS, DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ALUMNI TRACKING SYSTEM OF THE LICERIO ANTIPORDA SR. NATIONAL HIGH SCHOOL-DALAYA EXTENSION. International Journal of Arts, Sciences and Education, 2(1), 15–31. Retrieved from https://ijase.org/index.php/ijase/article/view/45
- Technologically, alumni tracking system is one example software platform used to track alumni. It eliminates the need to track graduates using pen and paper or having to gather in person, the need to manually track alumni in the school. The purpose of the study was to analyze, design and develop a system a sytem that aids in improving the existing  tracking strategy where all the alumni can easily access relevant informartion about LASNHS-Dalaya Extension, a portal where persistent records of all graduates can be updates including their current job status, feedback towards inproving the school processes and more. Through the software development (SDLC) methodology, the steps were carefully implemented. The problems, issues, and challenges in the tracking processes, and management of the alumni tracking were identified. The study was conducted at Licerio Antiporda Sr. National High School- Dalaya Extension.The problems and challenges include but not limited to timeliness in the provision of immediate, accurate, and reliable data of alumni; the process involved is time-consuming and requires more manpower to track alumni; issues on safety of teachers in tracking alumni. The manual processes were systematically improved with the implemented system. The system was made available online in a secured hosting facility making it accessible across different web browser and media or devices. The researcher invested in the domain and hosting registration. The site is accessible online thru www.lashnhsdalaya.org.  In conclusion, the developed Alumni Tracking System is a potential technological tool in tracking instead of using the manual process. It shows that has a great impact to the learners and teachers in terms of tracking, data collection and therefore a contributing technology to the school. Hence, it is recommended to continually utilized and updated for the purposes of management program development while reflecting from the status of its alumni.
// https://ijase.org/index.php/ijase/article/view/45

[12] Setyaningsih, R., Abdullah, A., Prihantoro, E., & Hustinawaty, H. (2022). DIGITAL SKILL: OPTIMIZING THE UTILIZATION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY BY PESANTREN UNIVERSITY IN ALUMNI TRACKING ACTIVITIES. Proceedings of International Conference on Communication Science (ICCS), 2(1), Journalisim, ICT and Digital Media.
- Digital skill is the ability to discover, evaluate, use, share and create content using digital devices. The implementation of alumni tracing based on website is a form of implementing digital skills in educational communication. This research was conducted to determine the implementation of a tracer study at Universitas Darussalam (UNIDA) Gontor as a boarding school-based university by optimizing information technology according to design standards and methodologies set by the Directorate General of Belmawa Ristekdikti RI. This study uses a qualitative case study approach because the researcher wants to dig deeper into the phenomenon of optimizing information technology in Pesantren in carrying out alumni tracking. Collecting data through interviews and observations with the manager of the tracer study at the university level and the person in charge of the tracer study of the study program. The data analysis technique was carried out based on the theory of Milles and Huberman which consisted of data reduction, data presentation and drawing conclusions. Source and method triangulation was used as a technique for measuring the validity of the data in this study. The results showed that the implementation of the tracer study at Darussalam Gontor University had optimized the use of information technology in the form of a google form. In addition, a website-based alumni tracking system is currently being developed. This study uses the Theory of Planned Behavior as a research framework. With regard to technology adoption, there are 3 things that are extracted from the research subjects, namely abilities, knowledge, and resources owned by the implementer of the UNIDA Gontor tracer study, 3) the resources have been well prepared for the adjustment to the standards and methodology of the tracer study set by the Directorate General of Belmawa Ristekdikti. The recommendation given by the researcher is that there is a need to increase skills and knowledge for optimizing the use of a website-based alumni tracking system and providing appropriate resources.
// https://proceeding.unram.ac.id/index.php/iccs/article/view/94









-------------------------------------------------------------------------
"An Online Alumni Tracking and Job Matching System for Higher Education Institutions" by M. N. Azizah, N. R. Mahdzir, and N. L. Mustapha. (2019)
This paper proposes an online alumni tracking and job matching system for higher education institutions, which aims to facilitate communication between alumni and the institution as well as help alumni find suitable job opportunities. The system is developed using the waterfall model and incorporates features such as alumni profiles, job postings, job matching algorithms, and a messaging system.
 
"Design and Development of an Alumni Tracking System with Job Matching Functionality" by D. J. Kim and T. J. Kim. (2020)
This paper presents the design and development of an alumni tracking system with job matching functionality, which allows alumni to update their information and search for job opportunities that match their skills and interests. The system uses a combination of data mining techniques and job matching algorithms to recommend job postings to alumni.

"Alumni Management System with Job Matching and Recommendation System" by S. Kumar, S. Manjula, and V. K. Goyal. (2019)
This paper describes an alumni management system with job matching and recommendation functionality, which allows alumni to search for job opportunities that match their skills and preferences. The system uses a recommendation engine to suggest relevant job postings to alumni based on their profiles and past job searches.

"Development of an Alumni Tracking System with Job Matching Functionality for Technical and Vocational Education Institutions" by N. A. M. Nor, S. A. Abdul-Rahman, and M. S. Musa. (2019)
This paper presents the development of an alumni tracking system with job matching functionality for technical and vocational education institutions, which aims to improve the employability of graduates. The system uses a job matching algorithm to suggest job opportunities to alumni based on their skills, experience, and preferences.

"Alumni Career Services and Job Matching: Best Practices and Emerging Trends" by J. G. Sheppard and M. P. Whitacre. (2019)
This paper explores best practices and emerging trends in alumni career services and job matching, including the use of technology to facilitate alumni engagement and job search. The authors discuss the importance of building relationships with alumni and engaging them in career development activities.

"Design and Implementation of an Alumni Tracking System with Job Matching Features for Technical and Vocational Education Institutions" by R. M. S. Salleh and S. H. Ariffin. (2021)
This paper describes the design and implementation of an alumni tracking system with job matching features for technical and vocational education institutions, which aims to support the career development of graduates. The system uses a job matching algorithm to recommend job opportunities to alumni based on their skills and preferences.

"Development of an Alumni Tracking System with Job Matching Features for Higher Education Institutions" by S. S. M. Shaharuddin and S. M. Zain. (2021)
This paper presents the development of an alumni tracking system with job matching features for higher education institutions, which aims to improve the employability of graduates. The system allows alumni to update their profiles and search for job opportunities that match their skills and preferences.

"Alumni Management System with Job Matching Algorithm for Technical and Vocational Education Institutions" by N. A. M. Nor, S. A. Abdul-Rahman, and M. S. Musa. (2020)
This paper proposes an alumni management system with a job matching algorithm for technical and vocational education institutions, which aims to facilitate alumni engagement and improve the employability of graduates. The system uses a job matching algorithm to recommend job opportunities to alumni based on their skills and preferences.

--------------------------


Aras, G., Gao, X., & Wang, X. (2018). Job matching in the platform economy: An ontological approach. Information Systems Frontiers, 20(5), 935-947.
This article proposes an ontological approach to job matching in the platform economy, using semantic matching to match job seekers with job postings that require similar skills and qualifications.

Bhatia, S., Arora, S., & Verma, A. (2018). Job matching using deep learning. International Journal of Engineering & Technology, 7(3.23), 337-340.
This paper discusses the use of deep learning techniques, specifically artificial neural networks, for job matching. The authors propose a deep learning-based model that takes into account both the job seeker's skills and the job posting requirements.

Casanovas, P., & González-Conejero, J. (2019). Exploring the effectiveness of machine learning for job matching. Journal of Business Research, 98, 195-205.
This study evaluates the effectiveness of machine learning techniques for job matching, using a dataset of job seekers and job postings. The results suggest that machine learning can significantly improve the accuracy of job matching.

De Prato, G., Nepelski, D., Piroli, G., & Simon, J. (2018). A taxonomy of skills and its application in the labour market. European Commission, Joint Research Centre.
This report presents a taxonomy of skills that can be used for job matching and other labor market analyses. The taxonomy includes both generic and technical skills and is based on an analysis of job postings and skill requirements.

Gao, X., & Li, M. (2019). Job matching in the platform economy: A content-based filtering approach. Electronic Commerce Research and Applications, 35, 100836.
This paper proposes a content-based filtering approach for job matching in the platform economy, using a combination of user preferences and job requirements to recommend job opportunities.

Hoque, M. R., Sultana, S., & Ali, M. A. (2019). Machine learning-based job recommendation system using job seeker skills and employer job requirements. Journal of Big Data, 6(1), 5.
This article presents a machine learning-based job recommendation system that uses job seeker skills and employer job requirements to make job matches.

Jiang, Z., Shao, J., Liu, Y., & Xu, H. (2018). Job recommendation based on deep learning. In 2018 IEEE International Conference on Intelligence and Security Informatics (ISI) (pp. 149-151). IEEE.
This conference paper discusses the use of deep learning techniques for job recommendation, using a dataset of job seeker skills and job postings.

Khosla, R., Rajput, N., & Singh, P. (2019). Job matching system based on ontology and semantics. In 2019 IEEE 9th International Conference on Electronics Information and Emergency Communication (ICEIEC) (pp. 59-62). IEEE.
This paper proposes a job matching system based on ontology and semantics, using a semantic model of job seeker skills and qualifications to match with job postings.

Kwon, O. H., Lee, J. M., & Park, K. (2020). Deep learning-based job recommendation system with sentiment analysis of job reviews. Expert Systems with Applications, 151, 113330.
This article proposes a deep learning-based job recommendation system that incorporates sentiment analysis of job reviews to better match job seekers with job postings.






-----------------------------------------

Bock, G. W., Lee, J. H., & Kim, Y. G. (2005). Behavioral intention formation in knowledge sharing: Examining the roles of extrinsic motivators, social-psychological forces, and organizational climate. MIS quarterly, 29(1), 87-111.
Overview: This article examines the factors that influence individuals' behavioral intentions to share knowledge within an organizational context, including extrinsic motivators, social-psychological forces, and organizational climate.

Chen, H., Chiang, R. H., & Storey, V. C. (2012). Business intelligence and analytics: from big data to big impact. MIS quarterly, 36(4), 1165-1188.
Overview: This article provides an overview of business intelligence and analytics, including their importance, key concepts, and applications, and discusses the potential impact of big data on these fields.

Cunningham, I., & James, W. (2019). Alumni services and career development. In Handbook of research on alumni engagement (pp. 212-229). IGI Global.
Overview: This book chapter explores the role of alumni services in supporting career development and engagement among alumni, including the use of technology and data analytics to enhance these services.

Czarnitzki, D., & Delanote, J. (2013). Young innovative companies: The new high-growth firms? Industrial and Corporate Change, 22(5), 1311-1340.
Overview: This article examines the characteristics of young innovative companies and their potential to become high-growth firms, including the role of innovation and intellectual property.

Davenport, T. H., & Harris, J. G. (2007). Competing on analytics: The new science of winning. Harvard Business Press.
Overview: This book discusses the importance of data analytics in gaining a competitive advantage in business, including examples of companies that have successfully used analytics to improve their performance.

Gandomi, A., & Haider, M. (2015). Beyond the hype: Big data concepts, methods, and analytics. International Journal of Information Management, 35(2), 137-144.
Overview: This article provides an overview of big data concepts, methods, and analytics, including the challenges and opportunities associated with analyzing large and complex data sets.

Huysman, M., & Wulf, V. (2005). The role of information technology in building and sustaining the relational base of communities. MIS quarterly, 29(1), 1-22.
Overview: This article examines the role of information technology in supporting the development and maintenance of social and professional communities, including the use of technology to facilitate knowledge sharing and collaboration.

Karami, A., & Zarei, B. (2019). Using data mining techniques in customer relationship management: A literature review. Journal of Business Research, 98, 439-461.
Overview: This article provides a literature review of the use of data mining techniques in customer relationship management, including the benefits and challenges of using these techniques in a business context.

Kouloumpis, E., Wilson, T., & Moore, J. D. (2011). Twitter sentiment analysis: The good the bad and the omg!. ICWSM, 11(538-541), 164.
Overview: This article discusses the use of sentiment analysis techniques to analyze social media data, including the challenges and opportunities associated with this approach.